README.md, before:

# Co-Curricular Activities Portal (CCAP)
The Co-Curricular Activities Portal (CCAP) is a secure web application designed to democratize decision-making within student organizations at SIT. The platform enables:

- **Students** to participate in important CCA decisions through secure, anonymous voting on matters such as scheduling and leadership selection
- **Moderators** (student leaders) to create polls, manage members, and collect feedback from their CCA community
- **Administrators** to oversee all CCAs, assign moderator roles, and maintain the integrity of the platform

## Instructions

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8 or higher
- pip (Python package installer)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/glenngx/ICT2216-Group1-CCAPortal.git
   ```

2. Create a virtual environment and activate it:
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   
   # On Windows:
   venv\Scripts\activate
   
   # On macOS/Linux:
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Run the application:
   ```
   python app.py
   ```

5. Access the dashboard at `http://localhost:5000`

Commit message:

[TESTING ON CCAP README FILE TO SEE IF IT LINKS BECAUSE OF THE REPO IN VM has existing files hence the ci/cd is not able to link]

README.md, after:

# Co-Curricular Activities Portal (CCAP) [TESTING ON CCAP README FILE TO SEE IF IT LINKS BECAUSE OF THE REPO IN VM has existing files hence the ci/cd is not able to link]
The Co-Curricular Activities Portal (CCAP) is a secure web application designed to democratize decision-making within student organizations at SIT. The platform enables:

- **Students** to participate in important CCA decisions through secure, anonymous voting on matters such as scheduling and leadership selection
- **Moderators** (student leaders) to create polls, manage members, and collect feedback from their CCA community
- **Administrators** to oversee all CCAs, assign moderator roles, and maintain the integrity of the platform

## Instructions

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8 or higher
- pip (Python package installer)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/glenngx/ICT2216-Group1-CCAPortal.git
   ```

2. Create a virtual environment and activate it:
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   
   # On Windows:
   venv\Scripts\activate
   
   # On macOS/Linux:
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Run the application:
   ```
   python app.py
   ```

5. Access the dashboard at `http://localhost:5000`
